---
page_title: "f5xc_addon_subscription Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create a new Addon Subscription with Addon Subscription State
---

# f5xc_addon_subscription (Resource)

Create a new Addon Subscription with Addon Subscription State

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "f5xc_addon_subscription" "example" {
  name      = "example"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    "env" = "production"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the AddonSubscription. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the AddonSubscription will be created.

### Optional

- `addon_service` (Block, Optional) Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--addon_service))
- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `notification_preference` (Block, Optional) Notification Preference. NotificationPreference preference for receiving addon subscription notifications. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--notification_preference))
- `status` (String) Addon Subscription Type. Represents the different states of an addon subscription. - SUBSCRIPTION_PENDING: Subscription Pending Indicates that the subscription is pending enablement. - SUBSCRIPTION_ENABLED: Subscription Enabled Indicates that the subscription is currently enabled and active. - SUBSCRIPTION_DISABLE_PENDING: Subscription Disable Pending Indicates that the addon disable process is pending. - SUBSCRIPTION_DISABLED: Subscription Disabled Indicates that the addon has been disabled.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--addon_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `addon_service`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 128 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_bytes: 1
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64


<a id="nestedblock--notification_preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_preference`

Optional:

- `emails` (Block, Optional) Addon Subscription Associated Emails. Addon Subscription Emails associated with the Addon Subscription (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--notification_preference--emails))
- `support_ticket_id` (Block, Optional) Support Ticket ID. SupportTicketId gives the information about ticket created for managed addon subscription (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--notification_preference--support_ticket_id))

<a id="nestedblock--notification_preference--emails"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_preference.emails`

Optional:

- `email_ids` (List of String) Emails. Email ids associated with the Addon Subscription ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.email: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true


<a id="nestedblock--notification_preference--support_ticket_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_preference.support_ticket_id`

Optional:

- `subscription_ticket_id` (String) Subscription Ticket ID. subscription_ticket_id associated with the Addon Subscription subscription.
- `unsubscription_ticket_id` (String) Unsubscription Ticket ID. unsubscription_ticket_id associated with the Addon Subscription unsubscription.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_addon_subscription.example system/example
```
