---
page_title: "f5xc_address_allocator Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create Address Allocator will create an address allocator object in 'system' namespace of the user
---

# f5xc_address_allocator (Resource)

Create Address Allocator will create an address allocator object in 'system' namespace of the user

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Address Allocator Resource Example
# Create Address Allocator will create an address allocator object in 'system' namespace of the user

# Basic Address Allocator configuration
resource "f5xc_address_allocator" "example" {
  name      = "my-address-allocator"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
    # Address Allocation Scheme. Decides the scheme to be used ...
    address_allocation_scheme {
      # Configure address_allocation_scheme settings
    }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the AddressAllocator. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the AddressAllocator will be created.

### Optional

- `address_allocation_scheme` (Block, Optional) Address Allocation Scheme. Decides the scheme to be used to allocate addresses from the configured address pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--address_allocation_scheme))
- `address_pool` (List of String) Address Pool. Address pool from which the allocator carves out subnets or addresses to its clients. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.ipv4_prefix: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 32 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.min_items: 1
- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `mode` (String) Allocator Mode. Mode of the address allocator Address allocator is for VERs within the local cluster or site Allocation is per site and then per node

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--address_allocation_scheme"></a>
### Nested Schema for `address_allocation_scheme`

Optional:

- `allocation_unit` (Number) Allocation Unit. Prefix length indicating the size of each allocated subnet. For example, if this is specified as 30, subnets of /30 will be allocated from the given address pool. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.gte: 0 ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 32
- `local_interface_address_offset` (Number) Local Interface Address Offset. This is used to derive address for the local interface from the allocated subnet. If Local Interface Address Type is set to 'Offset from beginning of Subnet', this offset value is added to the allocated subnet and used as the local interface address. For example, if the allocated subnet is 169.254.0.0/30 and offset is set to 2 with Local Interface Address Type set to 'Offset from beginning of Subnet', local interface address of 169.254.0.2 is used. If Local Int...
- `local_interface_address_type` (String) Local Interface Address Type. Dictates how local interface address is derived from the allocated subnet Use Nth address of the allocated subnet as the local interface address, N being the Local Interface Address Offset. For example, if the allocated subnet is 169.254.0.0/30, Local Interface Address Offset is set to 2 and Local Interface Address Type is set to 'Offset from beginning of Subnet', local address of 169.254.0.2 is used. Use Nth last address of the allocated subnet as the local inte...

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_address_allocator.example system/example
```
