---
page_title: "f5xc_allowed_tenant Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a allowed_tenant config instance. Name of the object is name of the tenant that is allowed to manage.
---

# f5xc_allowed_tenant (Resource)

Creates a allowed_tenant config instance. Name of the object is name of the tenant that is allowed to manage.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "f5xc_allowed_tenant" "example" {
  name      = "example"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    "env" = "production"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the AllowedTenant. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the AllowedTenant will be created.

### Optional

- `allowed_groups` (Block List) Allowed Groups. List of references to allowed user_group objects for access in to tenant. Admin can use this to control API access by users from from original tenant into an allowed tenant. User access from original tenant into an allowed tenant will be associated to underlying roles in this user_group. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 32 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allowed_groups))
- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `tenant_id` (String) Allowed Tenant ID. Specify the Tenant ID of the Original Tenant which is allowed to manage. NOTE: this is the name of the tenant configuration obj. not UID. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 256

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--allowed_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_groups`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 128 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_bytes: 1
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_allowed_tenant.example system/example
```
