---
page_title: "f5xc_api_credential Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create request specification.
---

# f5xc_api_credential (Resource)

Create request specification.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Api Credential Resource Example
# Create request specification.

# Basic Api Credential configuration
resource "f5xc_api_credential" "example" {
  name      = "my-api-credential"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # API Credential configuration
  api_credential_type = "API_CERTIFICATE"

  # Expiration settings
  expiration_timestamp = "2025-12-31T23:59:59Z"

  # Active state
  active = true
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the APICredential. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the APICredential will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `password` (String) Password. Password is used for generating an API certificate P12 bundle user can use to protect access to it. this password will not be saved/persisted anywhere in the system. Applicable for credential type API_CERTIFICATE Users have to use this password when they use the certificate, e.g. in curl or while adding to key chain. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true
- `type` (String) Credential Type. Types of API credential given when requesting credentials from volterra F5XC user certificate to access F5XC public API using mTLS using self credential (my credential) Kubernetes config file to access Virtual Kubernetes API in Volterra using self credential (my credential) API token to access F5XC public API using self credential (my credential) API token for service credentials using service user credential (service credential) API certificate for service credentials using ...
- `virtual_k8s_name` (String) vK8s Cluster. Name of virtual K8s cluster. Applicable for KUBE_CONFIG.
- `virtual_k8s_namespace` (String) vK8s Namespace. Namespace of virtual K8s cluster. Applicable for KUBE_CONFIG.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_api_credential.example system/example
```
