---
page_title: "f5xc_api_crawler Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a APICrawler in F5 Distributed Cloud.
---

# f5xc_api_crawler (Resource)

Manages a APICrawler in F5 Distributed Cloud.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "f5xc_api_crawler" "example" {
  name      = "example"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    "env" = "production"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the APICrawler. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the APICrawler will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `domains` (Block List) API Crawler. API Crawler Configuration Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 32 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--domains))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domains`

Optional:

- `domain` (String) Domains to Crawl. Select the domain to execute API Crawling with given credentials. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.string.vh_domain: true
- `simple_login` (Block, Optional) Simple Login. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--domains--simple_login))

<a id="nestedblock--domains--simple_login"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domains.simple_login`

Optional:

- `password` (Block, Optional) Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--domains--simple_login--password))
- `user` (String) User. Enter the username to assign credentials for the selected domain to crawl ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 64

<a id="nestedblock--domains--simple_login--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domains.simple_login.password`

Optional:

- `blindfold_secret_info` (Block, Optional) Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--domains--simple_login--password--blindfold_secret_info))
- `clear_secret_info` (Block, Optional) In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--domains--simple_login--password--clear_secret_info))

<a id="nestedblock--domains--simple_login--password--blindfold_secret_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domains.simple_login.password.blindfold_secret_info`


<a id="nestedblock--domains--simple_login--password--clear_secret_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domains.simple_login.password.clear_secret_info`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_api_crawler.example system/example
```
