---
page_title: "f5xc_app_api_group Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create app_api_group creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace.
---

# f5xc_app_api_group (Resource)

Create app_api_group creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "f5xc_app_api_group" "example" {
  name      = "example"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    "env" = "production"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the AppAPIGroup. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the AppAPIGroup will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `bigip_virtual_server` (Block, Optional) API Group Scope BIGIP Virtual Server. Set the scope of the API Group to a specific BIGIP Virtual Server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bigip_virtual_server))
- `cdn_loadbalancer` (Block, Optional) API Group Scope CDN Loadbalancer. Set the scope of the API Group to a specific CDN Loadbalancer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cdn_loadbalancer))
- `elements` (Block List) API Group Elements. List of API group elements with methods and path regex for matching requests. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 5000 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elements))
- `http_loadbalancer` (Block, Optional) API Group Scope HTTP Loadbalancer. Set the scope of the API Group to a specific HTTP Loadbalancer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--http_loadbalancer))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--bigip_virtual_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bigip_virtual_server`

Optional:

- `bigip_virtual_server` (Block, Optional) Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bigip_virtual_server--bigip_virtual_server))

<a id="nestedblock--bigip_virtual_server--bigip_virtual_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bigip_virtual_server.bigip_virtual_server`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 128 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_bytes: 1
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64



<a id="nestedblock--cdn_loadbalancer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cdn_loadbalancer`

Optional:

- `cdn_loadbalancer` (Block, Optional) Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cdn_loadbalancer--cdn_loadbalancer))

<a id="nestedblock--cdn_loadbalancer--cdn_loadbalancer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cdn_loadbalancer.cdn_loadbalancer`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 128 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_bytes: 1
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64



<a id="nestedblock--elements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elements`

Optional:

- `methods` (List of String) HTTP Methods. List of method values to match the input request API method against. The match is considered to succeed if the input request API method is a member of the list. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.enum.defined_only: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.enum.not_in: 0 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.min_items: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true
- `path_regex` (String) Path Regex. Regular expression to match the input request API path against. The match is considered to succeed if the input request API path matches the specified path regex. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 1024 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_bytes: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.string.regex: true


<a id="nestedblock--http_loadbalancer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_loadbalancer`

Optional:

- `http_loadbalancer` (Block, Optional) Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--http_loadbalancer--http_loadbalancer))

<a id="nestedblock--http_loadbalancer--http_loadbalancer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_loadbalancer.http_loadbalancer`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 128 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_bytes: 1
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_app_api_group.example system/example
```
