---
page_title: "f5xc_certificate Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Shape of the Certificate specification
---

# f5xc_certificate (Resource)

Shape of the Certificate specification

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Certificate Resource Example
# Shape of the Certificate specification

# Basic Certificate configuration
resource "f5xc_certificate" "example" {
  name      = "my-certificate"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Certificate configuration
  certificate_url = "string:///LS0tLS1CRUdJTi..."
  private_key {
    clear_secret_info {
      url = "string:///LS0tLS1CRUdJTi..."
    }
  }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the Certificate. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the Certificate will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `certificate_chain` (Block, Optional) Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--certificate_chain))
- `certificate_url` (String) Certificate. Certificate. Certificate or certificate chain in PEM format including the PEM headers. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.certificate_url: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 131072 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_bytes: 1
- `custom_hash_algorithms` (Block, Optional) Hash Algorithms. Specifies the hash algorithms to be used (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_hash_algorithms))
- `disable_ocsp_stapling` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--disable_ocsp_stapling))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `private_key` (Block, Optional) Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--private_key))
- `use_system_defaults` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--use_system_defaults))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--certificate_chain"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_chain`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 128 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_bytes: 1
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64


<a id="nestedblock--custom_hash_algorithms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_hash_algorithms`

Optional:

- `hash_algorithms` (List of String) Hash Algorithms. Ordered list of hash algorithms to be used. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 4 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.min_items: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true


<a id="nestedblock--disable_ocsp_stapling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disable_ocsp_stapling`


<a id="nestedblock--private_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_key`

Optional:

- `blindfold_secret_info` (Block, Optional) Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--private_key--blindfold_secret_info))
- `clear_secret_info` (Block, Optional) In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--private_key--clear_secret_info))

<a id="nestedblock--private_key--blindfold_secret_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_key.blindfold_secret_info`

Optional:

- `decryption_provider` (String) Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service.
- `location` (String) Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in url format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an http/https location Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.uri_ref: true
- `store_provider` (String) Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the url scheme is not string:///


<a id="nestedblock--private_key--clear_secret_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_key.clear_secret_info`

Optional:

- `provider_ref` (String) Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the url scheme is not string:///
- `url` (String) URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 131072 ves.io.schema.rules.string.uri_ref: true



<a id="nestedblock--use_system_defaults"></a>
### Nested Schema for `use_system_defaults`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_certificate.example system/example
```
