---
page_title: "f5xc_child_tenant_manager Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a child_tenant_manager config instance. Name of the object is the name of the child tenant manager to be created.
---

# f5xc_child_tenant_manager (Resource)

Creates a child_tenant_manager config instance. Name of the object is the name of the child tenant manager to be created.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Child Tenant Manager Resource Example
# Creates a child_tenant_manager config instance. Name of the object is the name of the child tenant manager to be created.

# Basic Child Tenant Manager configuration
resource "f5xc_child_tenant_manager" "example" {
  name      = "my-child-tenant-manager"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
    # Group Mapping. The Group Mapping field is used to associa...
    group_assignments {
      # Configure group_assignments settings
    }
    # Object reference. This type establishes a direct referenc...
    group {
      # Configure group settings
    }
    # Object reference. This type establishes a direct referenc...
    tenant_owner_group {
      # Configure tenant_owner_group settings
    }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the ChildTenantManager. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the ChildTenantManager will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `group_assignments` (Block List) Group Mapping. The Group Mapping field is used to associate local user groups with user groups in child tenants. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 16 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--group_assignments))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `tenant_owner_group` (Block, Optional) Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tenant_owner_group))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--group_assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_assignments`

Optional:

- `child_tenant_groups` (List of String) Child Tenant User Groups. List of group names in child tenant. Note - To establish access, child tenant group names must be a subset of child tenant groups configured in tenant profile. Once it's setup, when user from msp tenant access child tenant, underlying roles from child tenant will be applied to user. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.max_len: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 32 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.uni...
- `group` (Block, Optional) Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--group_assignments--group))

<a id="nestedblock--group_assignments--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_assignments.group`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 128 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_bytes: 1
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64



<a id="nestedblock--tenant_owner_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tenant_owner_group`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 128 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_bytes: 1
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_child_tenant_manager.example system/example
```
