---
page_title: "f5xc_cminstance Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create App type will create the configuration in namespace metadata.namespace
---

# f5xc_cminstance (Resource)

Create App type will create the configuration in namespace metadata.namespace

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Cminstance Resource Example
# Create App type will create the configuration in namespace metadata.namespace

# Basic Cminstance configuration
resource "f5xc_cminstance" "example" {
  name      = "my-cminstance"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
    # Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sen...
    api_token {
      # Configure api_token settings
    }
    # Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies infor...
    blindfold_secret_info {
      # Configure blindfold_secret_info settings
    }
    # In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies informatio...
    clear_secret_info {
      # Configure clear_secret_info settings
    }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the Cminstance. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the Cminstance will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `api_token` (Block, Optional) Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--api_token))
- `ip` (Block, Optional) IPv4 Address. IPv4 Address in dot-decimal notation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ip))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `password` (Block, Optional) Secret. SecretType is used in an object to indicate a sensitive/confidential field (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--password))
- `port` (Number) Port. Port of the Central Manager instance to connect to Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.gte: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 65535
- `username` (String) Username. Username for the Central Manager instance Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 128 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_len: 4

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--api_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `api_token`

Optional:

- `blindfold_secret_info` (Block, Optional) Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--api_token--blindfold_secret_info))
- `clear_secret_info` (Block, Optional) In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--api_token--clear_secret_info))

<a id="nestedblock--api_token--blindfold_secret_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `api_token.blindfold_secret_info`

Optional:

- `decryption_provider` (String) Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service.
- `location` (String) Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in url format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an http/https location Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.uri_ref: true
- `store_provider` (String) Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the url scheme is not string:///


<a id="nestedblock--api_token--clear_secret_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `api_token.clear_secret_info`

Optional:

- `provider_ref` (String) Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the url scheme is not string:///
- `url` (String) URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 131072 ves.io.schema.rules.string.uri_ref: true



<a id="nestedblock--ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip`

Optional:

- `addr` (String) IPv4 Address. IPv4 Address in string form with dot-decimal notation ves.io.schema.rules.string.ipv4: true


<a id="nestedblock--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password`

Optional:

- `blindfold_secret_info` (Block, Optional) Blindfold Secret. BlindfoldSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret managed by F5XC Secret Management (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--password--blindfold_secret_info))
- `clear_secret_info` (Block, Optional) In-Clear Secret. ClearSecretInfoType specifies information about the Secret that is not encrypted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--password--clear_secret_info))

<a id="nestedblock--password--blindfold_secret_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password.blindfold_secret_info`

Optional:

- `decryption_provider` (String) Decryption Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the backend Secret Management service.
- `location` (String) Location. Location is the uri_ref. It could be in url format for string:/// Or it could be a path if the store provider is an http/https location Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.uri_ref: true
- `store_provider` (String) Store Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the url scheme is not string:///


<a id="nestedblock--password--clear_secret_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password.clear_secret_info`

Optional:

- `provider_ref` (String) Provider. Name of the Secret Management Access object that contains information about the store to get encrypted bytes This field needs to be provided only if the url scheme is not string:///
- `url` (String) URL. URL of the secret. Currently supported URL schemes is string:///. For string:/// scheme, Secret needs to be encoded Base64 format. When asked for this secret, caller will get Secret bytes after Base64 decoding. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 131072 ves.io.schema.rules.string.uri_ref: true

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_cminstance.example system/example
```
