---
page_title: "f5xc_customer_support Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a new customer support ticket in our customer support provider system.
---

# f5xc_customer_support (Resource)

Creates a new customer support ticket in our customer support provider system.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Customer Support Resource Example
# Creates a new customer support ticket in our customer support provider system.

# Basic Customer Support configuration
resource "f5xc_customer_support" "example" {
  name      = "my-customer-support"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
    # Comments. Comments are all public comments on an issue. T...
    comments {
      # Configure comments settings
    }
    # Attachments details. Information about any attachments (s...
    attachments_info {
      # Configure attachments_info settings
    }
    # Ticket which this one relates to. Optional reference to a...
    relates_to {
      # Configure relates_to settings
    }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the CustomerSupport. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the CustomerSupport will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `category` (String) Category. ticket area further narrows down the ticket - infrastructure, application, dashboards can be examples.
- `comments` (Block List) Comments. Comments are all public comments on an issue. They're usually conversation between the support personnel and the customer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--comments))
- `description` (String) Description. customer's description of the issue (free text)
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `ongoing` (Boolean) Ongoing. Ongoing is a flag that indicates whether the issue is ongoing or not.
- `priority` (String) Priority. Support ticket priority helps understand importance of the ticket and focus more on more critical issues. Unknown/empty priority Normal priority issue High priority issue Urgent priority issue
- `product_data` (String) Product Data. Product data is a free text field that can be used to describe the issue in more detail.
- `relates_to` (Block List) Ticket which this one relates to. Optional reference to any original ticket in case the ticket being created is a followup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--relates_to))
- `service` (String) Support Service. Indicates the list of support service Unknown Support Service Account Protection Support Service Administration Support Service Application Traffic Insight Support Service Audit Logs & Alerts Support Service Authentication Intelligence Support Service Billing Support Service Client Side Defense Support Service Cloud & Edge Sites Support Service deprecated: use SS_MULTI_CLOUD_NETWORK_CONNECT instead DDOS & Transit Support Service Deprecated: use SS_ROUTED_DDOS instead Distribu...
- `status` (String) Support Ticket Status. State of the ticket so the customers know if the problem is being looked into Unknown or empty support ticket status Indicates a new ticket, waiting to be assigned to an agent Indicates an open issues, actively being looked into Indicates a pending issue, an open issue not actively being looked into Indicates on issue that on-hold, waiting for more information Indicates a solved issue, waiting for customer's confirmation Indicates a closed issue, resolved and customer a...
- `subject` (String) Subject. subject of the ticket
- `timeline` (String) Timeline. Timeline is a free text field that can be used to describe the issue in more detail.
- `topic` (String) Support Topic. Support Topic indicates the list of topics for service tickets Unknown/empty priority ACCOUNT_SUPPORT_TOPIC_ACCESS_REQUEST ACCOUNT_SUPPORT_TOPIC_ACCOUNT ACCOUNT_SUPPORT_TOPIC_BILLING ACCOUNT_SUPPORT_TOPIC_BILLING_PLAN_CHANGE ACCOUNT_SUPPORT_TOPIC_PUBLIC_IP ACCOUNT_SUPPORT_TOPIC_QUOTA_INCREASE ACCOUNT_SUPPORT_TOPIC_RMA ACCOUNT_SUPPORT_TOPIC_TAX_EXEMPT_VERIFICATION ACCOUNT_SUPPORT_TOPIC_OTHERS TECHNICAL_SUPPORT_TOPIC_CONFIGURATION_CHANGES TECHNICAL_SUPPORT_TOPIC_ERROR_MESSAGE TEC...
- `tp_id` (String) Third Party ID. ID assigned to this ticket by our support provider.
- `type` (String) Support Ticket. Several types of issues are supported, such as problems, questions. Unknown or empty ticket type Indicates a problem (e.g. misconfiguration) Indicates a task (a request to do something) Indicates a question (billing, services related) Indicates an incident (something is not working) Indicates a technical support ticket Indicates an account support ticket Indicates an Incident support ticket

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--comments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `comments`

Optional:

- `attachment_ids` (List of String) Attachment IDs. Third party id of any attachment related to this ticket comment
- `attachments_info` (Block List) Attachments details. Information about any attachments (such as screenshots, plain text files) the comment can have. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--comments--attachments_info))
- `author_email` (String) Email. Email of the author of the comment
- `author_name` (String) Author. Author of the comment (as a name)
- `created_at` (String) At. Comment creation time
- `html` (String) Comment. Comment body as HTML
- `plain_text` (String) Comment. Comment body as plain text

<a id="nestedblock--comments--attachments_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `comments.attachments_info`

Optional:

- `attachment` (String) Attachment data. Any binary attachment (such as screenshots, plain text files, PDFs) encoded as base64 if used over HTTP.
- `content_type` (String) Content type. Mime content type of the attachment. Helps the UI to properly display the data.
- `filename` (String) Filename. Filename of the attachment as provided by the caller.
- `tp_id` (String) 3rd party ID. Optional ID as assigned by the 3rd party actually storing the data.



<a id="nestedblock--relates_to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `relates_to`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')
- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace.
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant.
- `uid` (String) UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_customer_support.example system/example
```
