---
page_title: "f5xc_geo_location_set Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a Geolocation Set
---

# f5xc_geo_location_set (Resource)

Creates a Geolocation Set

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Geo Location Set Resource Example
# Creates a Geolocation Set

# Basic Geo Location Set configuration
resource "f5xc_geo_location_set" "example" {
  name      = "my-geo-location-set"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Geo Location Set configuration
  country_codes = ["US", "CA", "GB"]
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the GeoLocationSet. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the GeoLocationSet will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `custom_geo_location_selector` (Block, Optional) Label Selector. This type can be used to establish a 'selector reference' from one object(called selector) to a set of other objects(called selectees) based on the value of expresssions. A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. Label selector is immutable. expressions is a list of strings of label selection expression. Each string has ',' separated values which are 'AND' and all strings ar... (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_geo_location_selector))
- `global` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--global))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--custom_geo_location_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_geo_location_selector`

Optional:

- `expressions` (List of String) Selector Expression. expressions contains the kubernetes style label expression for selections. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.k8s_label_selector: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.max_len: 4096 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.min_len: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 1


<a id="nestedblock--global"></a>
### Nested Schema for `global`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_geo_location_set.example system/example
```
