---
page_title: "f5xc_healthcheck Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Healthcheck object defines method to determine if the given Endpoint is healthy. Single Healthcheck object can be referred to by one or many Cluster objects.
---

# f5xc_healthcheck (Resource)

Healthcheck object defines method to determine if the given Endpoint is healthy. Single Healthcheck object can be referred to by one or many Cluster objects.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Healthcheck Resource Example
# Healthcheck object defines method to determine if the given Endpoint is healthy. Single Healthcheck object can be referred to by one or many Cluster objects.

# Basic Healthcheck configuration
resource "f5xc_healthcheck" "example" {
  name      = "my-healthcheck"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Health Check specific configuration
  http_health_check {
    use_origin_server_name {}
    path                   = "/health"
    use_http2              = false
    expected_status_codes  = ["200"]
  }

  healthy_threshold   = 3
  unhealthy_threshold = 3
  interval            = 15
  timeout             = 5
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the Healthcheck. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the Healthcheck will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `healthy_threshold` (Number) Healthy Threshold. Number of successful responses before declaring healthy. In other words, this is the number of healthy health checks required before a host is marked healthy. Note that during startup, only a single successful health check is required to mark a host healthy. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.gte: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 16
- `http_health_check` (Block, Optional) HTTP Health Check. Healthy if 'get' method on URL 'http(s)://<host>/<path>' with optional '<header>' returns success. 'host' is not used for DNS resolution. It is used as HTTP Header in the request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--http_health_check))
- `interval` (Number) Interval. Time interval in seconds between two healthcheck requests. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.gte: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 600
- `jitter_percent` (Number) Jitter Percent. Add a random amount of time as a percent value to the interval between successive healthcheck requests. ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.ranges: 0,10-50
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `tcp_health_check` (Block, Optional) TCP Health Check. Healthy if TCP connection is successful and response payload matches <expected_response> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tcp_health_check))
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout. Timeout in seconds to wait for successful response. In other words, it is the time to wait for a health check response. If the timeout is reached the health check attempt will be considered a failure. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.gte: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 600
- `udp_icmp_health_check` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--udp_icmp_health_check))
- `unhealthy_threshold` (Number) Unhealthy Threshold. Number of failed responses before declaring unhealthy. In other words, this is the number of unhealthy health checks required before a host is marked unhealthy. Note that for http health checking if a host responds with 503 this threshold is ignored and the host is considered unhealthy immediately. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.gte: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 16

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--http_health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_health_check`

Optional:

- `expected_status_codes` (List of String) Expected Status Codes. Specifies a list of HTTP response status codes considered healthy. To treat default HTTP expected status code 200 as healthy, user has to configure it explicitly. This is a list of strings, each of which is single HTTP status code or a range with start and end values separated by '-'. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.http_status_range: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.max_len: 10 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.min_len: 3 ves.io.schema.r...
- `headers` (Block, Optional) Request Headers to Add. Specifies a list of HTTP headers that should be added to each request that is sent to the health checked cluster. This is a list of key-value pairs. ves.io.schema.rules.map.keys.string.max_len: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.map.keys.string.min_len: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.map.max_pairs: 16 ves.io.schema.rules.map.values.string.max_len: 2048 ves.io.schema.rules.map.values.string.min_len: 1 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--http_health_check--headers))
- `host_header` (String) Host Header Value. Exclusive with [use_origin_server_name] The value of the host header. ves.io.schema.rules.string.hostport: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 262
- `path` (String) Path. Specifies the HTTP path that will be requested during health checking. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.http_path: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 2048
- `request_headers_to_remove` (List of String) Request Headers to Remove. Specifies a list of HTTP headers that should be removed from each request that is sent to the health checked cluster. This is a list of keys of headers. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.max_len: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 16
- `use_http2` (Boolean) Use HTTP2. If set, health checks will be made using http/2.
- `use_origin_server_name` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--http_health_check--use_origin_server_name))

<a id="nestedblock--http_health_check--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_health_check.headers`


<a id="nestedblock--http_health_check--use_origin_server_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_health_check.use_origin_server_name`



<a id="nestedblock--tcp_health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp_health_check`

Optional:

- `expected_response` (String) Expected Response. raw bytes expected in the request. Describes the encoding of the payload bytes in the payload. Hex encoded payload. ves.io.schema.rules.string.hex: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 2048
- `send_payload` (String) Send Payload. raw bytes sent in the request. Empty payloads imply a connect-only health check. Describes the encoding of the payload bytes in the payload. Hex encoded payload. ves.io.schema.rules.string.hex: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 2048


<a id="nestedblock--udp_icmp_health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `udp_icmp_health_check`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_healthcheck.example system/example
```
