---
page_title: "f5xc_infraprotect_asn_prefix Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a DDoS transit Prefix
---

# f5xc_infraprotect_asn_prefix (Resource)

Creates a DDoS transit Prefix

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Infraprotect Asn Prefix Resource Example
# Creates a DDoS transit Prefix

# Basic Infraprotect Asn Prefix configuration
resource "f5xc_infraprotect_asn_prefix" "example" {
  name      = "my-infraprotect-asn-prefix"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
    # Object reference. This type establishes a direct referenc...
    asn {
      # Configure asn settings
    }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the InfraprotectAsnPrefix. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the InfraprotectAsnPrefix will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `asn` (Block, Optional) Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--asn))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix. Prefix Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.ip_prefix_globally_routable: true

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--asn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `asn`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 128 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_bytes: 1
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_infraprotect_asn_prefix.example system/example
```
