---
page_title: "f5xc_k8s_cluster_role_binding Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create k8s_cluster_role_binding will create the object in the storage backend for namespace metadata.namespace
---

# f5xc_k8s_cluster_role_binding (Resource)

Create k8s_cluster_role_binding will create the object in the storage backend for namespace metadata.namespace

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "f5xc_k8s_cluster_role_binding" "example" {
  name      = "example"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    "env" = "production"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the K8SClusterRoleBinding. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the K8SClusterRoleBinding will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `k8s_cluster_role` (Block, Optional) Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--k8s_cluster_role))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `subjects` (Block List) Subjects. List of subjects (user, group or service account) to which this role is bound Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.min_items: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--subjects))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--k8s_cluster_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `k8s_cluster_role`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 128 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_bytes: 1
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64


<a id="nestedblock--subjects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subjects`

Optional:

- `group` (String) Group. Exclusive with [service_account user] Group id of the user group ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 64 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_len: 1
- `service_account` (Block, Optional) ServiceAccountType. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--subjects--service_account))
- `user` (String) User. Exclusive with [group service_account] User id of the user ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 64 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_len: 1

<a id="nestedblock--subjects--service_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subjects.service_account`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. Name of the service account Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 64 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_len: 1
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. Namespace of the service account Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 64 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_len: 1

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_k8s_cluster_role_binding.example system/example
```
