---
page_title: "f5xc_managed_tenant Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a managed_tenant config instance. Name of the object is name of the tenant that is allowed to manage.
---

# f5xc_managed_tenant (Resource)

Creates a managed_tenant config instance. Name of the object is name of the tenant that is allowed to manage.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Managed Tenant Resource Example
# Creates a managed_tenant config instance. Name of the object is name of the tenant that is allowed to manage.

# Basic Managed Tenant configuration
resource "f5xc_managed_tenant" "example" {
  name      = "my-managed-tenant"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
    # Group Mapping. List of local user group association to us...
    groups {
      # Configure groups settings
    }
    # Object reference. This type establishes a direct referenc...
    group {
      # Configure group settings
    }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the ManagedTenant. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the ManagedTenant will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `groups` (Block List) Group Mapping. List of local user group association to user groups in the managed tenant specified in the tenant_choice. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 16 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--groups))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `tenant_id` (String) Managed Tenant ID. Exclusive with [] Specify the Tenant ID of the existing tenant which needs to be managed. User can select Tenant ID from dropdown if managed tenant has already configured delegated access or manually input the Tenant ID if managed tenant configuration will happen in future. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 256

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Optional:

- `group` (Block, Optional) Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--groups--group))
- `managed_tenant_groups` (List of String) Managed Tenant Groups. List of group names in managed tenant (MT). Note - To properly establish access, admin of managed tenant need to create corresponding Allowed Tenant configuration object with access to use same group names. Once it's setup, when user from original tenant access managed tenant, underlying roles from managed tenant will be applied to user. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.max_len: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.re...

<a id="nestedblock--groups--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups.group`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 128 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_bytes: 1
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_managed_tenant.example system/example
```
