---
page_title: "f5xc_network_policy_rule Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a network policy rule with configured parameters in specified namespace
---

# f5xc_network_policy_rule (Resource)

Creates a network policy rule with configured parameters in specified namespace

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Network Policy Rule Resource Example
# Creates a network policy rule with configured parameters in specified namespace

# Basic Network Policy Rule configuration
resource "f5xc_network_policy_rule" "example" {
  name      = "my-network-policy-rule"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
    # Network Policy Rule Advanced Action. Network Policy Rule ...
    advanced_action {
      # Configure advanced_action settings
    }
    # IP Prefix Set Reference. A list of references to ip_prefi...
    ip_prefix_set {
      # Configure ip_prefix_set settings
    }
    # Reference. A list of references to ip_prefix_set objects....
    ref {
      # Configure ref settings
    }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the NetworkPolicyRule. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the NetworkPolicyRule will be created.

### Optional

- `action` (String) Network Policy Rule Action. Network policy rule action configures the action to be taken on rule match Apply deny action on rule match Apply allow action on rule match
- `advanced_action` (Block, Optional) Network Policy Rule Advanced Action. Network Policy Rule Advanced Action provides additional options along with RuleAction and PBRRuleAction (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--advanced_action))
- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `ip_prefix_set` (Block, Optional) IP Prefix Set Reference. A list of references to ip_prefix_set objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ip_prefix_set))
- `label_matcher` (Block, Optional) Label Matcher. A label matcher specifies a list of label keys whose values need to match for source/client and destination/server. Note that the actual label values are not specified and do not matter. This allows an ability to scope grouping by the label key name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--label_matcher))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `ports` (List of String) List of Port Ranges. List of port ranges. Each range is a single port or a pair of start and end ports e.g. 8080-8192 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.port_range: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 128
- `prefix` (Block, Optional) IP Prefix List. List of IP Address prefixes. Prefix must contain both prefix and prefix-length The list can contain mix of both IPv4 and IPv6 prefixes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--prefix))
- `prefix_selector` (Block, Optional) Label Selector. This type can be used to establish a 'selector reference' from one object(called selector) to a set of other objects(called selectees) based on the value of expresssions. A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. Label selector is immutable. expressions is a list of strings of label selection expression. Each string has ',' separated values which are 'AND' and all strings ar... (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--prefix_selector))
- `protocol` (String) Protocol. Protocol in IP packet to be used as match criteria Values are tcp, udp, and icmp

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--advanced_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `advanced_action`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Log Action. Choice to choose logging or no logging This works together with option selected via NetworkPolicyRuleAction or any other action specified x-example: (No Selection in NetworkPolicyRuleAction + AdvancedAction as LOG) = LOG Only, (ALLOW/DENY in NetworkPolicyRuleAction + AdvancedAction as LOG) = Log and Allow/Deny, (ALLOW/DENY in NetworkPolicyRuleAction + NOLOG in AdvancedAction) = Allow/Deny with no log Don't sample the traffic hitting the rule Sample the traffic hitting the rule


<a id="nestedblock--ip_prefix_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_prefix_set`

Optional:

- `ref` (Block List) Reference. A list of references to ip_prefix_set objects. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 1 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ip_prefix_set--ref))

<a id="nestedblock--ip_prefix_set--ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_prefix_set.ref`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')
- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace.
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant.
- `uid` (String) UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid.



<a id="nestedblock--label_matcher"></a>
### Nested Schema for `label_matcher`

Optional:

- `keys` (List of String) Keys. The list of label key names that have to match ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.max_len: 64 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.min_len: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 16 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true


<a id="nestedblock--prefix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prefix`

Optional:

- `prefix` (List of String) Prefix. IP Address prefix in string format. String must contain both prefix and prefix-length ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.ipv4_prefix: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 256


<a id="nestedblock--prefix_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prefix_selector`

Optional:

- `expressions` (List of String) Selector Expression. expressions contains the kubernetes style label expression for selections. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.k8s_label_selector: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.max_len: 4096 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.min_len: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 1

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_network_policy_rule.example system/example
```
