---
page_title: "f5xc_policer Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create a new policer with traffic rate limits
---

# f5xc_policer (Resource)

Create a new policer with traffic rate limits

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "f5xc_policer" "example" {
  name      = "example"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    "env" = "production"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the Policer. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the Policer will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `burst_size` (Number) Burst Size(pps). The maximum size permitted for bursts of data. e.g. 10000 pps burst Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.gte: 1
- `committed_information_rate` (Number) Committed Information Rate(pps). The committed information rate is the guaranteed packets rate for traffic arriving or departing under normal conditions. e.g. 10000 pps Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.gte: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 10000000
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `policer_mode` (String) Policer Mode. - POLICER_MODE_NOT_SHARED: Not Shared A separate policer instance is created for each reference to the policer - POLICER_MODE_SHARED: Shared A common policer instance is used for for all references to the policer
- `policer_type` (String) Policer Type. Specifies the type of Policer Basic Single-Rate Two-Color Policer

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_policer.example system/example
```
