---
page_title: "f5xc_protocol_policer Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create a protocol_policer object, protocol_policer object contains list of L4 protocol match condition and corresponding traffic rate limits
---

# f5xc_protocol_policer (Resource)

Create a protocol_policer object, protocol_policer object contains list of L4 protocol match condition and corresponding traffic rate limits

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Protocol Policer Resource Example
# Create a protocol_policer object, protocol_policer object contains list of L4 protocol match condition and corresponding traffic rate limits

# Basic Protocol Policer configuration
resource "f5xc_protocol_policer" "example" {
  name      = "my-protocol-policer"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
    # Protocol Policer. List of L4 protocol match condition and...
    protocol_policer {
      # Configure protocol_policer settings
    }
    # Policer. Reference to policer object to apply traffic rat...
    policer {
      # Configure policer settings
    }
    # Protocol Type. Protocol and protocol specific flags to be...
    protocol {
      # Configure protocol settings
    }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the ProtocolPolicer. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the ProtocolPolicer will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `protocol_policer` (Block List) Protocol Policer. List of L4 protocol match condition and associated traffic rate limits ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 64 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--protocol_policer))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--protocol_policer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol_policer`

Optional:

- `policer` (Block List) Policer. Reference to policer object to apply traffic rate limits Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.min_items: 1 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--protocol_policer--policer))
- `protocol` (Block, Optional) Protocol Type. Protocol and protocol specific flags to be matched in packet (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--protocol_policer--protocol))

<a id="nestedblock--protocol_policer--policer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol_policer.policer`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')
- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace.
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant.
- `uid` (String) UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid.


<a id="nestedblock--protocol_policer--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol_policer.protocol`

Optional:

- `dns` (Block, Optional) DNS Packets. Match all DNS packets inclusing UDP and TCP (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--protocol_policer--protocol--dns))
- `icmp` (Block, Optional) ICMP Packet Type. ICMP message type to match in packet (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--protocol_policer--protocol--icmp))
- `tcp` (Block, Optional) TCP Packet Type. Specification of TCP flag to be matched in a TCP packet (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--protocol_policer--protocol--tcp))
- `udp` (Block, Optional) UDP Packets. Match all UDP packets (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--protocol_policer--protocol--udp))

<a id="nestedblock--protocol_policer--protocol--dns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol_policer.protocol.dns`


<a id="nestedblock--protocol_policer--protocol--icmp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol_policer.protocol.icmp`

Optional:

- `type` (List of String) ICMP type. ICMP message type to be matched in packet


<a id="nestedblock--protocol_policer--protocol--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol_policer.protocol.tcp`

Optional:

- `flags` (List of String) TCP flags. TCP flag to be matched in a TCP packet


<a id="nestedblock--protocol_policer--protocol--udp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol_policer.protocol.udp`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_protocol_policer.example system/example
```
