---
page_title: "f5xc_rate_limiter Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create rate_limiter creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace.
---

# f5xc_rate_limiter (Resource)

Create rate_limiter creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Rate Limiter Resource Example
# Create rate_limiter creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace.

# Basic Rate Limiter configuration
resource "f5xc_rate_limiter" "example" {
  name      = "my-rate-limiter"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Rate Limiter configuration
  total_number  = 100
  unit         = "MINUTE"
  burst_multiplier = 10
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the RateLimiter. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the RateLimiter will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `limits` (Block List) Rate Limit Values. A list of RateLimitValues that specifies the total number of allowed requests for each specified period. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 1 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--limits))
- `user_identification` (Block List) User Identification Policy. A reference to user_identification object. The rules in the user_identification object are evaluated to determine the user identifier to be rate limited. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 1 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_identification))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `limits`

Optional:

- `action_block` (Block, Optional) Rate Limit Block Action. Action where a user is blocked from making further requests after exceeding rate limit threshold. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--limits--action_block))
- `burst_multiplier` (Number) Burst Multiplier. The maximum burst of requests to accommodate, expressed as a multiple of the rate. ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.gt: 0 ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 100
- `disabled` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--limits--disabled))
- `leaky_bucket` (Block, Optional) Leaky Bucket Rate Limiter. Leaky-Bucket is the default rate limiter algorithm for F5 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--limits--leaky_bucket))
- `period_multiplier` (Number) Periods. This setting, combined with Per Period units, provides a duration ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.gte: 0
- `token_bucket` (Block, Optional) Token Bucket Rate Limiter. Token-Bucket is a rate limiter algorithm that is stricter with enforcing limits (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--limits--token_bucket))
- `total_number` (Number) Number Of Requests. The total number of allowed requests per rate-limiting period. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.gt: 0 ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 8192
- `unit` (String) Rate Limit Period Unit. Unit for the period per which the rate limit is applied. - SECOND: Second Rate limit period unit is seconds - MINUTE: Minute Rate limit period unit is minutes - HOUR: Hour Rate limit period unit is hours - DAY: Day Rate limit period unit is days

<a id="nestedblock--limits--action_block"></a>
### Nested Schema for `limits.action_block`

Optional:

- `hours` (Block, Optional) Hours. Input Duration Hours (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--limits--action_block--hours))
- `minutes` (Block, Optional) Minutes. Input Duration Minutes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--limits--action_block--minutes))
- `seconds` (Block, Optional) Seconds. Input Duration Seconds (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--limits--action_block--seconds))

<a id="nestedblock--limits--action_block--hours"></a>
### Nested Schema for `limits.action_block.hours`

Optional:

- `duration` (Number) Duration. ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.gt: 0 ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 48


<a id="nestedblock--limits--action_block--minutes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `limits.action_block.minutes`

Optional:

- `duration` (Number) Duration. ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.gt: 0 ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 60


<a id="nestedblock--limits--action_block--seconds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `limits.action_block.seconds`

Optional:

- `duration` (Number) Duration. ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.gt: 0 ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 300



<a id="nestedblock--limits--disabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `limits.disabled`


<a id="nestedblock--limits--leaky_bucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `limits.leaky_bucket`


<a id="nestedblock--limits--token_bucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `limits.token_bucket`



<a id="nestedblock--user_identification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_identification`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')
- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace.
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant.
- `uid` (String) UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_rate_limiter.example system/example
```
