---
page_title: "f5xc_rate_limiter_policy Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Shape of the Rate Limiter Policy Create specification
---

# f5xc_rate_limiter_policy (Resource)

Shape of the Rate Limiter Policy Create specification

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Rate Limiter Policy Resource Example
# Shape of the Rate Limiter Policy Create specification

# Basic Rate Limiter Policy configuration
resource "f5xc_rate_limiter_policy" "example" {
  name      = "my-rate-limiter-policy"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
    # Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are ...
    any_server {
      # Configure any_server settings
    }
    # Rules. A list of RateLimiterRules that are evaluated sequ...
    rules {
      # Configure rules settings
    }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the RateLimiterPolicy. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the RateLimiterPolicy will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `any_server` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--any_server))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `rules` (Block List) Rules. A list of RateLimiterRules that are evaluated sequentially till a matching rule is identified. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique_metadata_name: true (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules))
- `server_name` (String) Server Name. Exclusive with [any_server server_name_matcher server_selector] The expected name of the server. The actual names for the server are extracted from the HTTP Host header and the name of the virtual_host for the request. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 256
- `server_name_matcher` (Block, Optional) Matcher. A matcher specifies multiple criteria for matching an input string. The match is considered successful if any of the criteria are satisfied. The set of supported match criteria includes a list of exact values and a list of regular expressions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--server_name_matcher))
- `server_selector` (Block, Optional) Label Selector. This type can be used to establish a 'selector reference' from one object(called selector) to a set of other objects(called selectees) based on the value of expresssions. A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. Label selector is immutable. expressions is a list of strings of label selection expression. Each string has ',' separated values which are 'AND' and all strings ar... (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--server_selector))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--any_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `any_server`


<a id="nestedblock--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Block, Optional) Message Metadata. MessageMetaType is metadata (common attributes) of a message that only certain messages have. This information is propagated to the metadata of a child object that gets created from the containing message during view processing. The information in this type can be specified by user during create and replace APIs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--metadata))
- `spec` (Block, Optional) Rate Limiter Rule Specification. Shape of Rate Limiter Rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.metadata`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description. Human readable description. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 256
- `name` (String) Name. This is the name of the message. The value of name has to follow DNS-1035 format. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_len: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.string.ves_object_name: true


<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec`

Optional:

- `any_asn` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--any_asn))
- `any_country` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--any_country))
- `any_ip` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--any_ip))
- `apply_rate_limiter` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--apply_rate_limiter))
- `asn_list` (Block, Optional) ASN Match List. An unordered set of RFC 6793 defined 4-byte AS numbers that can be used to create allow or deny lists for use in network policy or service policy. It can be used to create the allow list only for DNS Load Balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--asn_list))
- `asn_matcher` (Block, Optional) ASN Matcher. Match any AS number contained in the list of bgp_asn_sets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--asn_matcher))
- `bypass_rate_limiter` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--bypass_rate_limiter))
- `country_list` (Block, Optional) Country Codes List. List of Country Codes to match against. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--country_list))
- `custom_rate_limiter` (Block, Optional) Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--custom_rate_limiter))
- `domain_matcher` (Block, Optional) Matcher. A matcher specifies multiple criteria for matching an input string. The match is considered successful if any of the criteria are satisfied. The set of supported match criteria includes a list of exact values and a list of regular expressions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--domain_matcher))
- `headers` (Block List) A list of predicates for various HTTP headers that need to match. The criteria for matching each HTTP header are described in individual HeaderMatcherType instances. The actual HTTP header values are extracted from the request API as a list of strings for each HTTP header type. Note that all specified header predicates must evaluate to true. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 16 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--headers))
- `http_method` (Block, Optional) HTTP Method Matcher. A http method matcher specifies a list of methods to match an input HTTP method. The match is considered successful if the input method is a member of the list. The result of the match based on the method list is inverted if invert_matcher is true. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--http_method))
- `ip_matcher` (Block, Optional) IP Prefix Matcher. Match any ip prefix contained in the list of ip_prefix_sets. The result of the match is inverted if invert_matcher is true. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--ip_matcher))
- `ip_prefix_list` (Block, Optional) IP Prefix Match List. List of IP Prefix strings to match against. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--ip_prefix_list))
- `path` (Block, Optional) Path Matcher. A path matcher specifies multiple criteria for matching an HTTP path string. The match is considered successful if any of the criteria are satisfied. The set of supported match criteria includes a list of path prefixes, a list of exact path values and a list of regular expressions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--path))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--any_asn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.any_asn`


<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--any_country"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.any_country`


<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--any_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.any_ip`


<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--apply_rate_limiter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.apply_rate_limiter`


<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--asn_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.asn_list`

Optional:

- `as_numbers` (List of String) AS Numbers. An unordered set of RFC 6793 defined 4-byte AS numbers that can be used to create allow or deny lists for use in network policy or service policy. It can be used to create the allow list only for DNS Load Balancer. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 16 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.min_items: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true


<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--asn_matcher"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.asn_matcher`

Optional:

- `asn_sets` (Block List) BGP ASN Sets. A list of references to bgp_asn_set objects. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 4 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--asn_matcher--asn_sets))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--asn_matcher--asn_sets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.asn_matcher.asn_sets`



<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--bypass_rate_limiter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.bypass_rate_limiter`


<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--country_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.country_list`

Optional:

- `country_codes` (List of String) Country Codes List. List of Country Codes Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 64 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.min_items: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true
- `invert_match` (Boolean) Invert Match Result. Invert the match result.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--custom_rate_limiter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.custom_rate_limiter`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 128 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_bytes: 1
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64


<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--domain_matcher"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.domain_matcher`

Optional:

- `exact_values` (List of String) Exact Values. A list of exact values to match the input against. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.max_bytes: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.not_empty: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 64 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true
- `regex_values` (List of String) Regex Values. A list of regular expressions to match the input against. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.max_bytes: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.not_empty: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.regex: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 16 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true


<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.headers`

Optional:

- `check_not_present` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--headers--check_not_present))
- `check_present` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--headers--check_present))
- `invert_matcher` (Boolean) Invert Header Matcher. Invert the match result.
- `item` (Block, Optional) Matcher. A matcher specifies multiple criteria for matching an input string. The match is considered successful if any of the criteria are satisfied. The set of supported match criteria includes a list of exact values and a list of regular expressions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--headers--item))
- `name` (String) Header Name. A case-insensitive HTTP header name. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.http_header_field: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 256

<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--headers--check_not_present"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.headers.check_not_present`


<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--headers--check_present"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.headers.check_present`


<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--headers--item"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.headers.item`



<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--http_method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.http_method`

Optional:

- `invert_matcher` (Boolean) Invert Method Matcher. Invert the match result.
- `methods` (List of String) Method List. List of methods values to match against. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.enum.defined_only: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 16 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true


<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--ip_matcher"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.ip_matcher`

Optional:

- `invert_matcher` (Boolean) Invert IP Matcher. Invert the match result.
- `prefix_sets` (Block List) IP Prefix Sets. A list of references to ip_prefix_set objects. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 4 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--spec--ip_matcher--prefix_sets))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--ip_matcher--prefix_sets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.ip_matcher.prefix_sets`



<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--ip_prefix_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.ip_prefix_list`

Optional:

- `invert_match` (Boolean) Invert Match Result. Invert the match result.
- `ip_prefixes` (List of String) IPv4 Prefix List. List of IPv4 prefix strings. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.ipv4_prefix: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.not_empty: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 128 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true


<a id="nestedblock--rules--spec--path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.spec.path`

Optional:

- `exact_values` (List of String) Exact Values. A list of exact path values to match the input HTTP path against. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.http_path: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.max_bytes: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.not_empty: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 16 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true
- `invert_matcher` (Boolean) Invert Path Matcher. Invert the match result.
- `prefix_values` (List of String) Prefix Values. A list of path prefix values to match the input HTTP path against. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.http_path: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.max_bytes: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.not_empty: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 16 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true
- `regex_values` (List of String) Regex Values. A list of regular expressions to match the input HTTP path against. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.max_bytes: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.not_empty: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.regex: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 16 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true
- `suffix_values` (List of String) Suffix Values. A list of path suffix values to match the input HTTP path against. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.max_bytes: 64 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.not_empty: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 64 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true
- `transformers` (List of String) Transformers. An ordered list of transformers (starting from index 0) to be applied to the path before matching. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 9 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true




<a id="nestedblock--server_name_matcher"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_name_matcher`

Optional:

- `exact_values` (List of String) Exact Values. A list of exact values to match the input against. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.max_bytes: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.not_empty: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 64 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true
- `regex_values` (List of String) Regex Values. A list of regular expressions to match the input against. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.max_bytes: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.not_empty: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.regex: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 16 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true


<a id="nestedblock--server_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_selector`

Optional:

- `expressions` (List of String) Selector Expression. expressions contains the kubernetes style label expression for selections. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.k8s_label_selector: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.max_len: 4096 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.min_len: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 1

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_rate_limiter_policy.example system/example
```
