---
page_title: "f5xc_secret_policy Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create secret_policy creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace.
---

# f5xc_secret_policy (Resource)

Create secret_policy creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "f5xc_secret_policy" "example" {
  name      = "example"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    "env" = "production"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the SecretPolicy. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the SecretPolicy will be created.

### Optional

- `allow_f5xc` (Boolean) Allow F5XC. if allow_f5xc is set to true, it allows relevant F5XC infrastructure services to decrypt the secret encrypted using this policy.
- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `decrypt_cache_timeout` (String) Decrypt Cache Timeout. decrypt_cache_timeout contains the amount of time a decrypted secret is cached in wingman. Value for this parameter is a string ending in the suffix 's' (indicating seconds), suffix 'm' (indicating minutes) or suffix 'h' (indicating hours)
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `rule_list` (Block, Optional) Rule List. A list of rules. The order of evaluation of the rules depends on the rule combining algorithm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--rule_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list`

Optional:

- `rules` (Block List) Rules. Define the list of rules (with an order) that should be evaluated by this service policy. Rules are evaluated from top to bottom in the list. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique_metadata_name: true (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules))

<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Block, Optional) Message Metadata. MessageMetaType is metadata (common attributes) of a message that only certain messages have. This information is propagated to the metadata of a child object that gets created from the containing message during view processing. The information in this type can be specified by user during create and replace APIs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--metadata))
- `spec` (Block, Optional) Global Specifications. A secret_policy_rule object consists of an unordered list of predicates and an action. The predicates are evaluated against a set of input fields that are extracted from client certificate. A rule is considered to match if all predicates in the rule evaluate to true for that request. Any predicates that are not specified in a rule are implicitly considered to be true. If a rule is matched, the action specified for the rule is enforced for that request. A secret_policy_r... (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--spec))

<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.metadata`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description. Human readable description. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 256
- `name` (String) Name. This is the name of the message. The value of name has to follow DNS-1035 format. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_len: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.string.ves_object_name: true


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.spec`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Rule Action. The rule action determines the disposition of the input request API. If a policy matches a rule with an ALLOW action, the processing of the request proceeds forward. If it matches a rule with a DENY action, the processing of the request is terminated and an appropriate message/code returned to the originator. If it matches a rule with a NEXT_POLICY_SET action, evaluation of the current policy set terminates and evaluation of the next policy set in the chain begins. - DENY: DENY D...
- `client_name` (String) Client Name. Exclusive with [client_name_matcher client_selector] The name of the client trying to access the secret. Name of the client will be extracted from client TLS certificate. This predicate evaluates to true if client name matches the configured name ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 256
- `client_name_matcher` (Block, Optional) Matcher. A matcher specifies multiple criteria for matching an input string. The match is considered successful if any of the criteria are satisfied. The set of supported match criteria includes a list of exact values and a list of regular expressions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--spec--client_name_matcher))
- `client_selector` (Block, Optional) Label Selector. This type can be used to establish a 'selector reference' from one object(called selector) to a set of other objects(called selectees) based on the value of expresssions. A label selector is a label query over a set of resources. An empty label selector matches all objects. A null label selector matches no objects. Label selector is immutable. expressions is a list of strings of label selection expression. Each string has ',' separated values which are 'AND' and all strings ar... (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list--rules--spec--client_selector))

<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--spec--client_name_matcher"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.spec.client_name_matcher`


<a id="nestedblock--rule_list--rules--spec--client_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rules.spec.client_selector`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_secret_policy.example system/example
```
