---
page_title: "f5xc_srv6_network_slice Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create srv6_network_slice creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace.
---

# f5xc_srv6_network_slice (Resource)

Create srv6_network_slice creates a new object in the storage backend for metadata.namespace.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "f5xc_srv6_network_slice" "example" {
  name      = "example"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    "env" = "production"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the Srv6NetworkSlice. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the Srv6NetworkSlice will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `connect_to_access_networks` (Boolean) Connect To Access Networks. Connect all SRv6 Virtual Networks in this slice to their corresponding access networks by importing route targets specified in the virtual network.
- `connect_to_enterprise_networks` (Boolean) Connect To Enterprise Networks. Connect all SRv6 Virtual Networks in this slice to their corresponding enterprise networks by importing route targets specified in the virtual network.
- `connect_to_internet` (Boolean) Connect To Internet. Connect all SRv6 Virtual Networks in this slice to the Internet by importing route targets specified in the virtual network.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `sid_prefixes` (List of String) IPv6 Prefix for SID Allocation. A SID Locator from the prefix is allocated automatically for each node in each site. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.ipv6_prefix: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.max_ip_prefix_length: 32 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.string.min_ip_prefix_length: 32 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.min_items: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_srv6_network_slice.example system/example
```
