---
page_title: "f5xc_tenant_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Shape of the tenant configuration specification
---

# f5xc_tenant_configuration (Resource)

Shape of the tenant configuration specification

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "f5xc_tenant_configuration" "example" {
  name      = "example"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    "env" = "production"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the TenantConfiguration. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the TenantConfiguration will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `basic_configuration` (Block, Optional) BasicConfiguration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--basic_configuration))
- `brute_force_detection_settings` (Block, Optional) BruteForceDetectionSettings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--brute_force_detection_settings))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `password_policy` (Block, Optional) PasswordPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--password_policy))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--basic_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `basic_configuration`

Optional:

- `display_name` (String) Display Name. Tenant display name in the login screen ves.io.schema.rules.string.k8s_label_value: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 255


<a id="nestedblock--brute_force_detection_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `brute_force_detection_settings`

Optional:

- `max_login_failures` (Number) Max Login Failures. How many failures before wait is triggered. When login failure count is hit, user will be temporarily locked for a max duration of 15 minutes. ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 30


<a id="nestedblock--password_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password_policy`

Optional:

- `digits` (Number) Min Number Of Digits. The number of digits required to be in the password string. ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 16
- `expire_password` (Number) Expire Password. The number of days for which the password is valid. After the number of days has expired, the user is required to change their password. ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 1080
- `lowercase_characters` (Number) Min Number Of Lowercase Characters. The number of lower case letters required to be in the password string. ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 16
- `minimum_length` (Number) Minimum Length. Minimum length of password. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.gte: 7
- `not_recently_used` (Number) Not Recently Used. This policy is used to restrict user from using previously used passwords. Number that's set determines number of last passwords which user cannot use as new password.
- `not_username` (Boolean) Not Username. When set, the password is not allowed to be the same as the username.
- `special_characters` (Number) Min Number Of Special Characters. The number of special characters like '?!#%$' required to be in the password string. ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 16
- `uppercase_characters` (Number) Min Number Of Uppercase Characters. The number of upper case letters required to be in the password string. ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 16

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_tenant_configuration.example system/example
```
