---
page_title: "f5xc_tenant_profile Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a tenant_profile config instance. Name of the object is the name of the tenant profile to be created.
---

# f5xc_tenant_profile (Resource)

Creates a tenant_profile config instance. Name of the object is the name of the tenant profile to be created.

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "f5xc_tenant_profile" "example" {
  name      = "example"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    "env" = "production"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the TenantProfile. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the TenantProfile will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `ct_groups` (Block List) Child Tenant Groups. List of user groups to be created on child tenant. ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 16 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ct_groups))
- `enable_support_access` (Boolean) Support Access. Selecting Support Access will allow for F5XC Support teams to access the new Child Tenant for troubleshooting. Unselecting will pause access for XC Support.
- `favicon` (Block, Optional) File. Contains file data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--favicon))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `logo` (Block, Optional) File. Contains file data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--logo))
- `plan` (Block, Optional) Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--plan))
- `support_email` (String) Support Email. Support Email address for child tenant ves.io.schema.rules.string.email: true

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--ct_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ct_groups`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. Name of the child tenant user group. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.ves_object_name: true
- `namespace_roles` (Block List) Namespace Roles. [x-example: 'monitor, system:monitor-role'] List of namespaces and associated roles to be created in the new Child Tenant. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 16 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ct_groups--namespace_roles))

<a id="nestedblock--ct_groups--namespace_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ct_groups.namespace_roles`

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) Namespace. All Namespaces with custom names will be created in the new Child Tenant. Input a '*' to apply to all application namespaces. The System, Shared, and Default namespaces will be created automatically. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 256
- `role` (String) Role. User role that users in the newly created group will inherit Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.string.ves_object_name: true



<a id="nestedblock--favicon"></a>
### Nested Schema for `favicon`

Optional:

- `aws_s3` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--favicon--aws_s3))
- `content` (String) Content. Content of the file
- `content_type` (String) Content Type. Content type of the file (MIME type)

<a id="nestedblock--favicon--aws_s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `favicon.aws_s3`



<a id="nestedblock--logo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logo`

Optional:

- `aws_s3` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--logo--aws_s3))
- `content` (String) Content. Content of the file
- `content_type` (String) Content Type. Content type of the file (MIME type)

<a id="nestedblock--logo--aws_s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logo.aws_s3`



<a id="nestedblock--plan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plan`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 128 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_bytes: 1
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_tenant_profile.example system/example
```
