---
page_title: "f5xc_usb_policy Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a new USB policy object
---

# f5xc_usb_policy (Resource)

Creates a new USB policy object

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "f5xc_usb_policy" "example" {
  name      = "example"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    "env" = "production"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the UsbPolicy. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the UsbPolicy will be created.

### Optional

- `allowed_devices` (Block List) Allowed USB devices. List of allowed USB devices Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.message.required_one_nonzero_field: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 32 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.min_items: 1 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allowed_devices))
- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--allowed_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_devices`

Optional:

- `b_device_class` (String) Class. The class of this device
- `b_device_protocol` (String) Protocol. The protocol (within the sub-class) of this device
- `b_device_sub_class` (String) Subclass. The sub-class (within the class) of this device
- `i_serial` (String) iSerialNumber. Index of Serial Number String Descriptor
- `id_product` (String) Product ID. Product ID (Assigned by Manufacturer) in hex
- `id_vendor` (String) Vendor ID. Vendor ID (Assigned by USB Org) in hex

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_usb_policy.example system/example
```
