---
page_title: "f5xc_virtual_k8s Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create virtual_k8s will create the object in the storage backend for namespace metadata.namespace
---

# f5xc_virtual_k8s (Resource)

Create virtual_k8s will create the object in the storage backend for namespace metadata.namespace

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "f5xc_virtual_k8s" "example" {
  name      = "example"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    "env" = "production"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the VirtualK8S. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the VirtualK8S will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `default_flavor_ref` (Block, Optional) Object reference. This type establishes a direct reference from one object(the referrer) to another(the referred). Such a reference is in form of tenant/namespace/name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_flavor_ref))
- `disabled` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--disabled))
- `isolated` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--isolated))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `vsite_refs` (Block List) Virtual Sites. Reference to virtual-sites Default virtual-site of the Virtual K8s object. If no virtual-site is specified in the Kubernetes API resource object annotations via ves.io/virtual-sites, then this virtual-site is used select sites on which to instantiate the Kubernetes API resource object ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 32 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vsite_refs))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--default_flavor_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_flavor_ref`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 128 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_bytes: 1
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 64


<a id="nestedblock--disabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disabled`


<a id="nestedblock--isolated"></a>
### Nested Schema for `isolated`


<a id="nestedblock--vsite_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vsite_refs`

Optional:

- `kind` (String) Kind. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then kind will hold the referred object's kind (e.g. 'route')
- `name` (String) Name. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then name will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) name.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then namespace will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) namespace.
- `tenant` (String) Tenant. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then tenant will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) tenant.
- `uid` (String) UID. When a configuration object(e.g. virtual_host) refers to another(e.g route) then uid will hold the referred object's(e.g. route's) uid.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_virtual_k8s.example system/example
```
