---
page_title: "f5xc_waf_exclusion_policy Resource - terraform-provider-f5xc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create a WAF exclusion policy
---

# f5xc_waf_exclusion_policy (Resource)

Create a WAF exclusion policy

~> **Note** For more information about this resource, please refer to the [F5 XC API Documentation](https://docs.cloud.f5.com/docs/api/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Waf Exclusion Policy Resource Example
# Create a WAF exclusion policy

# Basic Waf Exclusion Policy configuration
resource "f5xc_waf_exclusion_policy" "example" {
  name      = "my-waf-exclusion-policy"
  namespace = "system"

  labels = {
    environment = "production"
    managed_by  = "terraform"
  }

  annotations = {
    "owner" = "platform-team"
  }

  # Resource-specific configuration
    # WAF Exclusion Rules. An ordered list of rules. Required: ...
    waf_exclusion_rules {
      # Configure waf_exclusion_rules settings
    }
    # Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are ...
    any_domain {
      # Configure any_domain settings
    }
    # Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are ...
    any_path {
      # Configure any_path settings
    }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the WAFExclusionPolicy. Must be unique within the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the WAFExclusionPolicy will be created.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations to apply to this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to apply to this resource.
- `waf_exclusion_rules` (Block List) WAF Exclusion Rules. An ordered list of rules. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique_metadata_name: true (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `waf_exclusion_rules`

Optional:

- `any_domain` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules--any_domain))
- `any_path` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules--any_path))
- `app_firewall_detection_control` (Block, Optional) App Firewall Detection Control. Define the list of Signature IDs, Violations, Attack Types and Bot Names that should be excluded from triggering on the defined match criteria. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules--app_firewall_detection_control))
- `exact_value` (String) Exact Value. Exclusive with [any_domain suffix_value] Exact domain name ves.io.schema.rules.string.hostname: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_len: 1
- `expiration_timestamp` (String) Expiration Timestamp. The expiration_timestamp is the RFC 3339 format timestamp at which the containing rule is considered to be logically expired. The rule continues to exist in the configuration but is not applied anymore.
- `metadata` (Block, Optional) Message Metadata. MessageMetaType is metadata (common attributes) of a message that only certain messages have. This information is propagated to the metadata of a child object that gets created from the containing message during view processing. The information in this type can be specified by user during create and replace APIs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules--metadata))
- `methods` (List of String) Methods. methods to be matched ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.items.enum.defined_only: true ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 16 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true
- `path_prefix` (String) Prefix. Exclusive with [any_path path_regex] Path prefix to match (e.g. the value / will match on all paths) ves.io.schema.rules.string.http_path: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 256
- `path_regex` (String) Path Regex. Exclusive with [any_path path_prefix] Define the regex for the path. For example, the regex ^/.*$ will match on all paths ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_bytes: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.string.regex: true
- `suffix_value` (String) Suffix Value. Exclusive with [any_domain exact_value] Suffix of domain name e.g 'xyz.com' will match '*.xyz.com' and 'xyz.com' ves.io.schema.rules.string.hostname: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 256 ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_len: 1
- `waf_skip_processing` (Block, Optional) Empty. This can be used for messages where no values are needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules--waf_skip_processing))

<a id="nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules--any_domain"></a>
### Nested Schema for `waf_exclusion_rules.any_domain`


<a id="nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules--any_path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `waf_exclusion_rules.any_path`


<a id="nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules--app_firewall_detection_control"></a>
### Nested Schema for `waf_exclusion_rules.app_firewall_detection_control`

Optional:

- `exclude_attack_type_contexts` (Block List) Attack Types. Attack Types to be excluded for the defined match criteria ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 64 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules--app_firewall_detection_control--exclude_attack_type_contexts))
- `exclude_bot_name_contexts` (Block List) Bot Names. Bot Names to be excluded for the defined match criteria ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 64 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules--app_firewall_detection_control--exclude_bot_name_contexts))
- `exclude_signature_contexts` (Block List) Signature IDs. Signature IDs to be excluded for the defined match criteria ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 1024 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules--app_firewall_detection_control--exclude_signature_contexts))
- `exclude_violation_contexts` (Block List) Violations. Violations to be excluded for the defined match criteria ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.max_items: 64 ves.io.schema.rules.repeated.unique: true (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules--app_firewall_detection_control--exclude_violation_contexts))

<a id="nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules--app_firewall_detection_control--exclude_attack_type_contexts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `waf_exclusion_rules.app_firewall_detection_control.exclude_attack_type_contexts`

Optional:

- `context` (String) WAF Exclusion Context Options. The available contexts for Exclusion rules. - CONTEXT_ANY: CONTEXT_ANY Detection will be excluded for all contexts. - CONTEXT_BODY: CONTEXT_BODY Detection will be excluded for the request body. - CONTEXT_REQUEST: CONTEXT_REQUEST Detection will be excluded for the request. - CONTEXT_RESPONSE: CONTEXT_RESPONSE - CONTEXT_PARAMETER: CONTEXT_PARAMETER Detection will be excluded for the parameters. The parameter name is required in the Context name field. If the field...
- `context_name` (String) Context Name. Relevant only for contexts: Header, Cookie and Parameter. Name of the Context that the WAF Exclusion Rules will check. Wildcard matching can be used by prefixing or suffixing the context name with an wildcard asterisk (*). ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 128
- `exclude_attack_type` (String) Attack Types. List of all Attack Types ATTACK_TYPE_NONE ATTACK_TYPE_NON_BROWSER_CLIENT ATTACK_TYPE_OTHER_APPLICATION_ATTACKS ATTACK_TYPE_TROJAN_BACKDOOR_SPYWARE ATTACK_TYPE_DETECTION_EVASION ATTACK_TYPE_VULNERABILITY_SCAN ATTACK_TYPE_ABUSE_OF_FUNCTIONALITY ATTACK_TYPE_AUTHENTICATION_AUTHORIZATION_ATTACKS ATTACK_TYPE_BUFFER_OVERFLOW ATTACK_TYPE_PREDICTABLE_RESOURCE_LOCATION ATTACK_TYPE_INFORMATION_LEAKAGE ATTACK_TYPE_DIRECTORY_INDEXING ATTACK_TYPE_PATH_TRAVERSAL ATTACK_TYPE_XPATH_INJECTION ATT...


<a id="nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules--app_firewall_detection_control--exclude_bot_name_contexts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `waf_exclusion_rules.app_firewall_detection_control.exclude_bot_name_contexts`

Optional:

- `bot_name` (String) Bot Name. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true


<a id="nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules--app_firewall_detection_control--exclude_signature_contexts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `waf_exclusion_rules.app_firewall_detection_control.exclude_signature_contexts`

Optional:

- `context` (String) WAF Exclusion Context Options. The available contexts for Exclusion rules. - CONTEXT_ANY: CONTEXT_ANY Detection will be excluded for all contexts. - CONTEXT_BODY: CONTEXT_BODY Detection will be excluded for the request body. - CONTEXT_REQUEST: CONTEXT_REQUEST Detection will be excluded for the request. - CONTEXT_RESPONSE: CONTEXT_RESPONSE - CONTEXT_PARAMETER: CONTEXT_PARAMETER Detection will be excluded for the parameters. The parameter name is required in the Context name field. If the field...
- `context_name` (String) Context Name. Relevant only for contexts: Header, Cookie and Parameter. Name of the Context that the WAF Exclusion Rules will check. Wildcard matching can be used by prefixing or suffixing the context name with an wildcard asterisk (*). ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 128
- `signature_id` (Number) SignatureID. The allowed values for signature id are 0 and in the range of 200000001-299999999. 0 implies that all signatures will be excluded for the specified context. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.gte: 0 ves.io.schema.rules.uint32.lte: 299999999


<a id="nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules--app_firewall_detection_control--exclude_violation_contexts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `waf_exclusion_rules.app_firewall_detection_control.exclude_violation_contexts`

Optional:

- `context` (String) WAF Exclusion Context Options. The available contexts for Exclusion rules. - CONTEXT_ANY: CONTEXT_ANY Detection will be excluded for all contexts. - CONTEXT_BODY: CONTEXT_BODY Detection will be excluded for the request body. - CONTEXT_REQUEST: CONTEXT_REQUEST Detection will be excluded for the request. - CONTEXT_RESPONSE: CONTEXT_RESPONSE - CONTEXT_PARAMETER: CONTEXT_PARAMETER Detection will be excluded for the parameters. The parameter name is required in the Context name field. If the field...
- `context_name` (String) Context Name. Relevant only for contexts: Header, Cookie and Parameter. Name of the Context that the WAF Exclusion Rules will check. Wildcard matching can be used by prefixing or suffixing the context name with an wildcard asterisk (*). ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 128
- `exclude_violation` (String) App Firewall Violation Type. List of all supported Violation Types VIOL_NONE VIOL_FILETYPE VIOL_METHOD VIOL_MANDATORY_HEADER VIOL_HTTP_RESPONSE_STATUS VIOL_REQUEST_MAX_LENGTH VIOL_FILE_UPLOAD VIOL_FILE_UPLOAD_IN_BODY VIOL_XML_MALFORMED VIOL_JSON_MALFORMED VIOL_ASM_COOKIE_MODIFIED VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_MULTIPLE_HOST_HEADERS VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_BAD_HOST_HEADER_VALUE VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_UNPARSABLE_REQUEST_CONTENT VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_NULL_IN_REQUEST VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCOL_BAD_HTTP_VERSION VIOL_HTTP_PROTOCO...



<a id="nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `waf_exclusion_rules.metadata`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description. Human readable description. ves.io.schema.rules.string.max_len: 256
- `name` (String) Name. This is the name of the message. The value of name has to follow DNS-1035 format. Required: YES ves.io.schema.rules.message.required: true ves.io.schema.rules.string.min_len: 1 ves.io.schema.rules.string.ves_object_name: true


<a id="nestedblock--waf_exclusion_rules--waf_skip_processing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `waf_exclusion_rules.waf_skip_processing`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using namespace/name format
terraform import f5xc_waf_exclusion_policy.example system/example
```
